.TH DRAGEN-VALIDATOR 1
.SH NAME
dragen-validator \- automated quality control and data processing pipeline for DRAGEN data following MY_ORG business rules.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dragen-validator --delivery_list
.I /path/to/delivery_list.tsv
.RI [--dry ]
.I [true|false]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIdragen-validator\fP is a Nextflow script part of the Quality Validation Standard Operating Procedure. It automates quality control checks, data integrity validations, and standard compliance processes for DRAGEN data, ensuring high-quality data processing against MY_ORG business rules.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --delivery_list /path/to/delivery_list.tsv
Specifies the mandatory path to the TSV file containing DROPBOX_UUIDs. This input is essential for the script to execute and must be the stdout from the \fIgenerate_delivery_list\fP script.
.TP
.B --dry [true|false]
Optional flag that sets the script to run in a simulation mode with 'true' or to perform actual data operations with 'false'. Default is 'true', requiring the user to specify 'false' for a live run.
.SH EXAMPLES
Running with a specified delivery list without actual data operations:
.PP
.B dragen-validator --delivery_list /path/to/delivery_list.tsv --dry true
.PP
Running with a specified delivery list with actual data operations:
.PP
.B dragen-validator --delivery_list /path/to/delivery_list.tsv --dry false
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /path/to/RESULTS_ROOT_PATH/INSTANCE-TIMESTAMP
The main directory where results are stored. 'DRY_INSTANCE-TIMESTAMP' if run with --dry true.
.TP
.I /path/to/RESULTS_ROOT_PATH/TIMESTAMP-nextflow.log
The log file generated by Nextflow, storing the details of the script's execution.
.TP
.I /path/to/RESULTS_ROOT_PATH/INSTANCE-TIMESTAMP/TAPS, /path/to/RESULTS_ROOT_PATH/INSTANCE-TIMESTAMP/TSV, /path/to/RESULTS_ROOT_PATH/INSTANCE-TIMESTAMP/RSYNC_LOGS
Subdirectories within the INSTANCE-TIMESTAMP directory for storing TAP reports, TSV reports, and RSYNC logs, respectively.
.SH SEE ALSO
generate_delivery_list(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Christophe Demay
